This is us, being picky.
Welcome back to the shed. I'm Candace.
I'm Lonnie. Hey. So, today we are going
to show you a one day's worth of garage
sale haul, and that includes these two
garbage bags full. Where did we get all
this stuff? Yeah, well, we yeah. You
know what?
Um this is a this is a fill-a-bag sale.
We're going to take you to it right now
and let you get a feel for what it was
like, and then we'll be back.
What you're saying, garbage bags full
for $5?
So,
so I guess it's free, basically.
Okay. All right, man, that's really
that's really difficult to not be
interested in, I guess. I just don't
know.
Price the price definitely is not a
deterrent, I guess.
$5 to fill this whole bag.
You want to try and make a lot of craft
stuff?
Wheel of Fortune Wheel of Vanna White.
The price for paying we can charge
whatever, it doesn't matter.
Needlepoint kits, you know, put them in
there.
Embroidery thread, is that what that is?
Yeah.
Can Can I have more than one bag?
Okay. Can I leave this one over here?
My fingers are stuck, sorry.
All right, and we're going to grab
another one.
Bag number two.
Yeah.
So, grab that, right?
That's okay. Harajuku.
Okay.
Get some more? Okay. That might about do
it, huh?
All right.
Let's go pay.
Our other one's over here somewhere. I
think it's this one.
I know, it's something, huh?
Yeah.
All right. This is our other bag here, I
think.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Two bags full.
Thank you, man.
What did we pay for these?
For both?
That's something.
So, yeah, we went to what I've never
seen a fill-a-bag sale. We've been to
plenty of fill-a-bag sales.
>> Yeah. But usually you get like a little
Walmart type plastic bag that holds a
few things.
This one, you can see, not only did they
give you These are These are Glad
kitchen garbage bags. Yeah, like the
stretchy ones that stretch out.
>> Right. They have some give to them. So,
I mean, we
we could have stuffed these even more
full,
but we didn't see a a need to. We got
everything we wanted and then some. Um
and I
We're not going to take the stuff out
right now. No. So, they were $5 a bag,
and what was his criteria? You had to be
able to hold them and carry them and not
drag them, right?
>> And close them. Yeah, and close them.
>> You had to close them normally. Yeah. Um
and yeah, so we got We're not going to
take all the stuff out right now cuz
it'll make a big mess, but you could see
ribbon, thread,
>> buttons, buttons, I found a little uh
vintage Harajuku mini pencil case with
the tag still on it. Yeah, I mean, just
tons of stuff.
>> of yarn.
>> Yeah. Um A little doll furniture, just
all kind of stuff.
>> Yeah. Oh, look, here's some uh What do
you call that? Needlepoint kits.
>> Yeah, I have like like six of these
little miniature ones, and we're
probably going to make a lot out of
them, you know, so.
>> We're going to be doing
like like our strategy when we started
buying this stuff,
cuz we had to, you know, like if we get
into this, we're not going to like try
and maximize the money on this or
anything.
>> Right. So, we're we're just going to
We're going to make up some big lots
>> Yep. and make it really a good deal for
our customers.
>> Yeah. And our potential customers. And
look, y'all can see all these buttons.
Yeah, like the buttons um I'm imagining
it'll be one big lot. That's how I I'm
envisioning this going. Yeah.
So, yeah, we're just we're going to make
it a really good deal whenever we do
list it. Um and it's going to be big box
lots of crafting stuff. And then we're
we're probably we're going to sort it to
where it makes sense.
>> Yeah, all the yarn will get lotted
together. Maybe not one lot, but that's
how we're going to do it.
>> Right. We'll categorize the stuff and
sort it out. But yeah, we only have $10
into this. The only The only way we can
make a mistake with this stuff, I think,
is if we spend too much time on it.
>> Yeah. Because the dollar the it's
basically free, I the way I look at it.
We just have to be careful with how we
handle it.
>> Right.
>> Because norm under normal circumstances,
we probably wouldn't buy this stuff, any
of it individually.
>> Right.
You want to look at some more stuff?
>> All right, I got this for myself. I paid
$10 for this pack, y'all. Yeah, y'all,
it is really nice. It doesn't We
couldn't find a brand on it. It's
heavy-duty canvas. Like waxed canvas or
something.
>> like real leather straps.
>> Yeah, look at that. It's even got a um
It has a I thought it had a laptop
compartment.
I thought it did.
>> I don't think so. Yeah, look, it does.
>> Oh, under the flap. Yeah, look here.
There is one.
>> Yep. It's a really cool bag. I like it.
>> on it. Um we met another TikToker, well,
I think a want-to-be TikTok influencer.
She said she shows stuff, and then
that's how she makes money. She sells it
at the garage sale. Said she's really
not making money on TikTok, so I don't
know. There's a lot of people trying
that right now.
>> Yeah. Yep. So, I think you decided to
keep that for yourself, huh?
>> Yeah, it's mine. Yeah. I like it.
And this was at the first thing I I
think this is the first thing we bought
for the day.
Um a $3 skateboard deck. Buy What did
you Yeah. Enjoy. Uh E N J O I, enjoy.
Yeah. Yep. Very good brand. It's another
brand of skateboard to look for.
>> Yeah, it's pretty good. I mean, the the
the the new boards will go
I don't know.
Look at when I look at comps, you know,
new boards will typically be like
normally 50 or more, depending. There's
some limited edition stuff. Yeah. I
think I think we'd probably get about
50, 60 for this one, and it would be
probably more like 70, 80-ish. But um it
does have some paint loss there, just
>> Yeah.
>> Not from being used or anything, but
just from wear. It's never been like had
trucks attached to it.
>> Yeah, they didn't store it properly or
something, so. But yeah, that $3 is all
we paid for that.
>> that's a great deal. And then that's a
tennis racket. When you take it out, be
careful because um The grip the grip is
nasty, like they often are. Yeah. I've
actually sold that racket before, the O
something.
>> O3. O3.
>> Prince Royal O3. Yeah. And
And yeah, the grip does matter some.
>> lightweight.
>> it's a nice one. Yeah. The grip does I
think it is, anyways. The grip does
matter somewhat. It is crazy light.
>> Yeah. But um
I've sold them quite a few times in the
past where I'm just like needs a new
grip. Yeah, you just disclose that.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. And uh you know, we paid three for
that. I had to ask her cuz that price
tag to me
looked like 30, huh?
>> It could be I was like, "Hey, how much
is this? Is it What does this say?" And
she's like, "Three." I'm like, "Oh,
okay, good."
>> Yeah, the three also almost looks like a
five, so, yeah.
Okay, the Food Lovers 12-Day
Transformation.
It's like some kind of diet thing or
something.
>> Yeah. So, it has like the DVD and a
diary and like a
plant like the books and stuff. There's
an audio series, I guess. I don't know.
Anyway, you have all that, and then they
these are the plates to go with it. I
think there's a set of four in there.
Candace wasn't able to find those. I
found this. I could not find the plates.
I'm thinking, "Ooh, that might be good,
you know, to just bundle this together."
I I don't do What did we pay? Like five
bucks? I think we paid 10 for both, I
think.
>> 10 for both, yeah.
>> Yep. So, it was a bit of a gamble. Yeah.
We've done pretty well with stuff like
this in the past. I didn't look it up,
so I'm not really
It looks like this stuff has never been
used, though.
>> Yeah, I think that's about 30 bucks, and
then I was I'm counting on these plates
being good since I couldn't find any
comps, you know, so.
We'll see. Okay, welcome to the shoe
department now.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Well, there are a couple of Bibles mixed
in here.
Um I paid a dollar a whack for these.
This is a What does it say? I can't
Something OSB Ho- Holman? Yeah, Holman's
a study Bible. Oh, it's a
um
a ultra-thin reference Bible is what it
says. Really, it's a nice feeling Bible.
>> This got the good flexible cover, yeah.
And then this is a little Tyndale
compact uh Bible. Yeah. Uh fried boots,
y'all. I paid $10 for them. That's
ridiculous.
>> Yeah, they're they're They have been
worn, but they were well taken care of.
They're in good condition. Yeah, man.
Can you believe that?
>> But they weren't worn much. Yeah. Cuz
look, there's a very there's you can't
quite see any tread. Let me see. Yeah,
The only really the only way you can
tell they're worn is the dirt on the
bottom. Yeah.
>> Man, that But you don't see good
condition Frye boots for $10. That's
good.
>> These are Hokas. I paid six for these.
They're They're kind of odd. Like look
how wide.
>> Yeah, and almost didn't buy them just
because they're small. They're a women's
six. Are they? Yeah.
Dang, look how Look how wide they are. I
can't get over that.
>> itself is not wide. It's the sole is so
wide and chunky. Man, that's a great
walking shoe. Gives you plenty of
>> I know. Look at the
Look at the surface area. Okay. Six
bucks for those. Some Under Armour
boots. I thought these were neat. I paid
five for them. They have a They lace up,
but they also have a zipper on the side.
Yeah, these are like tactical Yeah.
tactical type cop boots. Comfortable,
[snorts]
you know. Right. Yeah.
And then some Adidas. I love the color
of these, and I paid three for those.
Are those your size? Uh let's see.
They are, man.
>> They're Alpha Bounce is the style, if
any of you are familiar. Yes, they are
my size.
>> Uh-oh. Okay.
>> Uh-oh.
All right, we'll have to look them up
and uh you'll have to make a decision
maybe, huh?
>> Yeah.
Yep.
Okay, last round of stuff here. Yep. Uh
we have a Pink Floyd hat. I think we
paid $4 for it. I'll You know what? I'll
find out whenever I edit the footage
because I don't remember either. Yeah,
it's from It's a official officially
licensed Pink Floyd. It's probably not
worth a ton. I thought it was cool,
though.
>> it is cool. It's like a reprint from
their uh from their '73 tour cuz this
was printed in 2024.
>> Right. Yeah. It's still cool. This is
one of those T-shirt folder things. Um
it was thrown in with the backpack.
Well, yeah, I asked her to throw it in.
So, I'm like, "Yeah, I can use that
whenever I'm
folding clothes for
packing them up neatly." You know.
>> That might be a short later on, us
trying to figure out how to use that
thing. That'll be fun.
>> We're going to have to watch some videos
on that. Okay, these are all Pioneer
Woman throw blankets.
>> Yeah, I paid $2.50 a whack. So, yeah,
and I think they're going to be pretty
good.
Uh probably around 25, 30 dollars a
piece. So,
>> Wow.
>> think I think that's good for a throw
blanket.
>> a great deal, man. Like we weren't even
um we didn't even ask that garage sale
that when we were at it, the lady walks
up, she goes, "Everything's half price."
And that same garage sale where we
bought the Frye boots.
>> Yeah. So, the Fryes were
originally 20, so they gave them to us
for 10. Right. And then these were 250
or what? I mean, that's a deal. Yeah.
That's a That is a deal. And Candace
loves Pioneer Woman stuff anyway. All of
our dishes are. Yeah. A lot of A lot of
our stuff is.
>> that for my mother. She needs a She She
likes to weed eat. Yeah, this goes to
her weed eater. Yep. And uh they weren't
sure if it was good or not, so she tried
to give it to me, but I paid a buck for
it. It's a It's a first-party battery.
Those are drumsticks. I paid $2 for
those.
What are they It says News Newsboy
Segoe. Newsboy
>> Newsboys I think New Word Go.
Oh, oh that's Okay. New Boys Go.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh drumsticks paid $2. I
don't really know anything about
Newsboys other than extra, extra, read
all about it. That's the only kind I
know about.
Uh is this the last thing? Yep, this is
it.
>> Boy, we didn't buy much Friday. We
didn't. No. Um
Yeah, so this is
This is
These are binders full and not They're
not all 100% full, but we've got uh
hundreds of movies here. Yeah. And you
can see how they they have the cover and
then the disc. These are nice cases,
man.
>> Yeah, in these cases. Yeah.
>> So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to
make I'm going to go through it and make
sure
uh cuz I did see a few that were like uh
burned DVD-ROM type things,
but mostly not. Mostly it's It's just
like y'all see there. Yeah. And
we're into these for 10. I'm just going
to like lot them all together. Yeah.
>> I'm going to I'm going to shoot a a
minute-long video of going through them,
and I'm going to list them for like 100
bucks.
>> Yeah. And somebody'll Somebody'll be all
having an entire
DVD collection of however many pieces
for 100 bucks, and we'll make fast
money. Yeah, and the great thing about
this is they don't have to have a big
bookshelf to store all those clam shells
on. They're just all here neatly.
Exactly. Now, if these were in the clam
shells, I wouldn't have bought them. You
know what else I think?
>> What? What do you think?
>> they're in alphabetical order, pretty
much.
>> Yeah, no, she had them Yeah. No, they
they had You see, look.
Oh, yeah.
>> Monster collection. Somebody That's
nice.
>> Some people had already been through and
looked at them and stuff. So, she had a
like
She She must have She had thousands in
here. Like, "Man, moving
Deciding to sell those after you've been
curating it for so long."
>> I know. And then just basically giving
them away at the garage sale. Yeah.
That's how it happens sometimes.
>> Yeah. Man. And they're in pretty good
condition. I looked at them. Like there
might be the odd scuff here or there.
>> Well, usually with somebody as big of a
collection, it's not like they're
watching them over and over and over.
>> Right. Right.
So, yeah, don't you think I we could
probably get 100 bucks for that?
>> I would think so. There's so many movies
in here. Yeah. Yeah. And then the you
know, we can ship them media. Yeah. So,
I I don't think Does this stop you from
being able to ship them, or is that I
don't think so.
>> it's still media. I know, but the the
case, I mean.
So, it is. Yeah, I don't know. I
wouldn't think so, but I don't know.
They do They do have a lot of Some of
them do have quite a few empty holes in
them as well.
>> Yeah.
But yeah.
All right. But yeah, that's uh
That's everything we bought on Friday,
uh which is fine because we I I think we
got some really good profit stuff there.
We didn't spend a ton of money. Right.
How much did we spend on everything we
showed? I don't even think we spent 100
bucks.
>> Maybe around 100, maybe. Yeah. So,
that's That's That's not bad because we
still have a ton of other stuff to list,
>> Yeah. which we're going to get to it
right now. So,
uh yeah, thanks a bunch for watching. We
will see y'all again very soon. Bye,
y'all. Bye.